Add updates to CONTRIBUTING.md. (#156)
plotly/dash-bio: CONTRIBUTING.md

component name in lowercase, with words separated by dashes (`-`). The
deployment server will provide a remote repository URL that will
contain the app. Add it to the list of remotes by running `git

> remote add [component name]-test [deployment server git URL]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
remote add [app name]-test [deployment server git URL]`.
```

#### Step 2: Edit and commit app-specific files

##### Step 2a: Edit the `Procfile`
Edit the `Procfile` in the repository to say `gunicorn
tests.dashbio_demos.app_name:server`, where `app_name` is the name of
the app you want to deploy in the `tests/dashbio_demos/` folder. 

##### Step 2b: Edit `config.py`
Edit the `config.py` file in the repository such that the variable

> `DASH_APP_NAME` is set to `dash-component-name`, where

Reviewer: See https://github.com/plotly/dash-bio/pull/154#issuecomment-461451183 and https://github.com/plotly/dash-bio/pull/154#issuecomment-461457178.

Reviewer: @shammamah In this spirit, I believe we want to add details at the very beginning of the file, i.e., under https://github.com/plotly/dash-bio/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#components (would also be a good opportunity to specify that pure Python components live under `component_factory/`).

component name in lowercase, with words separated by dashes (`-`). The
deployment server will provide a remote repository URL that will
contain the app. Add it to the list of remotes by running `git
remote add [app name]-test [deployment server git URL]`.

#### Step 2: Edit and commit app-specific files

##### Step 2a: Edit the `Procfile`

> Edit the `Procfile` in the repository to say `gunicorn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit the `Procfile` at the root of the repository to say `gunicorn
```
So at least it's informative...

tests.dashbio_demos.app_name:server`, where `app_name` is the name of
the app you want to deploy in the `tests/dashbio_demos/` folder. 

##### Step 2b: Edit `config.py`

> Edit the `config.py` file in the repository such that the variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit the `config.py` file at the root of the repository such that the variable
```

> `DASH_APP_NAME` is set to the name of your app, but with `app`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`DASH_APP_NAME` be set to the name of your app, but with `app`
```

Author: @mkcor This seems grammatically fine to me -- not sure what the issue is

Reviewer: Just a suggestion... I thought the subjunctive mood would be more accurate since we're expressing a goal, a desire, not a factual reality (here's a discussion, for example: https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/58634/so-that-it-be-vs-so-that-it-is).

Author: Ah, that makes sense -- thanks! Learned something today :)

component name in lowercase, with words separated by dashes (`-`). The
deployment server will provide a remote repository URL that will
contain the app. Add it to the list of remotes by running `git
remote add [app name]-test [deployment server git URL]`.

#### Step 2: Edit and commit app-specific files

##### Step 2a: Edit the `Procfile`
Edit the `Procfile` at the root of the repository to say `gunicorn
tests.dashbio_demos.app_name:server`, where `app_name` is the name of
the app you want to deploy in the `tests/dashbio_demos/` folder. 

##### Step 2b: Edit `config.py`
Edit the `config.py` file at the root of the repository such that the variable
`DASH_APP_NAME` be set to the name of your app, but with `app`
replaced by `dash` and underscores (`_`) replaced by dashes
(`-`). (e.g., for `app_manhattan_plot`, the `DASH_APP_NAME` variable
should be set to `dash-manhattan-plot`.)

##### Step 2c: Commit the changes
Commit the `Procfile` and `config.py`, but *do not push to the
`dash-bio` repo*!

#### Step 3: Push to the playground server
Run `git push [app name]-test master`. This will deploy the app

> on the playground server. Test that it works by visiting the URL that

Reviewer 2: I would write "Check" instead of "Test" to distinguish from actual Integration tests

Author: @Bachibouzouk addressed in 8c4ecd4!

#### Step 7: Deploy updates to the `master` branch
If the `master` branch has been updated, you can push all the changes

> to the dash-bio remote. However, make sure that the `Procfile` on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to your `origin` remote. However, make sure that the `Procfile` on the
```
I guess that was the intended meaning... `dash-bio` would not be a great name for a remote, since it's already the repo's name.

> dash-bio repository stays the same.

Reviewer: In any case (whether one is working on a fork or a clone), there's always only one repository and it's the `dash-bio` repository. We are always in the "dash-bio repository" so clearly the above doesn't reflect what its author intended... We are always pushing to and pulling from the "dash-bio repository." What we are paying attention to here are *branches* and *remotes*. Please reword the above with the intended information.

Reviewer: Resolved by PR #188
